.\" Filename:      grml-scripts.1
.\" Purpose:       man page for grml-scripts
.\" Authors:       grml-team (grml.org), (c) Michael Prokop <mika@grml.org>
.\" Bug-Reports:   see http://grml.org/bugs/
.\" License:       This file is licensed under the GPL v2.
.\"###############################################################################

.\"###############################################################
.TH grml\-scripts 1 "grml-scripts"
.SH "NAME"
grml\-scripts \- script collection for the Grml distribution
.\"#######################################################
.SH "USER SCRIPTS"

.SS caps-ctrl
Switch keyboard settings of key known as "Caps-Lock" between
using Caps-Lock either as control- or shift-key. Notice:
running caps-ctrl on console requires root-permissions,
running it in X window system works as normal user.
.SS grepc
grep for pattern and cut it
.SS grml-bind
make a readonly-file writable (not necessary when using
unionfs)
.SS grml-hwinfo
collect hardware information and write it to info.tar.bz2
.SS grml-info
start browser with documentation for Grml
.SS grml-lock
lock virtual consoles
.SS grml-resolution
change X resolution via a simple menu frontend
.SS grml-lang
switch keyboard layout
.SS iimage
create statical webgallery
.SS logview
Log viewer program. Pass it parameters of the logs to view, or it will automatically view some.
.SS mailhops
shows the route of an Internet mail message
.SS make_chroot_jail
create chroot environment for a user
.SS myip
return IP address of running system on stdout (requires network access)
.SS osd_server.py
Symlink to notifyd.py
.SS notifyd.py
Listen for incoming messages on a specific port and print them via specific handlers (per default via libnotify).
.SS soundtest
Legacy wrapper for speaker-test.

.SH "ADMIN SCRIPTS"

.SS blacklist
Blacklist module via module-init-tools (/etc/modprobe.d/grml).
.SS grml-config
Symlink for grml-config-root to manage admin configuration
tasks over its interface.
.SS grml-config-root
Configuration interface for admin tasks on the Grml system.
.SS grml-hostname
Simple frontend to configure hostname in the corresponding
files. When executed without a parameter a dialog based
frontend will be used, when given a parameter the provided
parameter will be used as hostname and script is executed in
non-interactive mode.
.SS noeject
Wrapper script to avoid ejecting and prompting for CD removal when
rebooting/halting system. Use it via 'noeject <cmd>', e.g. 'noeject reboot'
to reboot system without ejecting CD and without prompting.
.SS noprompt
Wrapper script to avoid prompting for CD removal when rebooting/halting
system. Use it via 'noprompt <cmd>', e.g. 'noprompt reboot' to reboot system
without prompting.
.SS unblacklist
Remove blacklisted module from /etc/modprobe.d/grml.

.SH "BUGS"
Probably. Please report any bugs you find and report
feedback and suggestions to the Grml team.
See http://grml.org/bugs/ for further information.
Thank you!

.SH "SEE ALSO"
grml-scripts-core(8)

.SH "COPYRIGHT"
This man page is copyright \(co 2004-2011 by the Grml team.
Included scripts are under various copyrights, please see
the sources.
.\"###### END OF FILE ##########################################################
.\" vim:tw=60
